Release v0.9.0 (#1831)
valory-xyz/open-autonomy: docs/upgrading.md

# Open Autonomy

## `v0.8.0` to `v0.9.0`

Breaking changes

> - the `max_participants` have been removed. 

Reviewer: removed where? This needs to be a full sentence that's clearly stating where the change occured

> - the `consensus_threshold` should now be specified in the `setup` parameters. If `null`, then it is calculated automatically.

Reviewer: I would cluster this and the above as subpoints under changes to the configuration

> - the `consensus_threshold` should now be specified in the `setup` parameters. If `null`, then it is calculated automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `consensus_threshold` should now be specified in the `setup` parameters. If `null`, the recommended setting, then it is calculated automatically from the participants provided.
```

> - The synchronized database is now `serializable` and `hashable`. This means that the data inserted into the database are now enforced to be primitive or non-primitive built-in types only, except for sets and `frozensets`. In essence, the data should be `json serializable`.

Reviewer: Why except sets and frozensets. What happens with them?

> - The usage of local tendermint chain is optional in the deployment setup, use `-ltm, --local-tm-setup` when building a deployment using `autonomy deploy build` command to include a local tendermint chain setup.

Reviewer: I mentioned before. `local tendermint chain` is not great terminology. We call it Tendermint Consensus Gadget elsewhere cc @jmoreira-valory

> - The `cross_period_keys` and database conditions needs to be defined as sets

Reviewer: where and how was it defined before? These upgrading sentences need to be more helpful

> ## `v0.7.0` to `v0.8.0`
> 
> Breaking changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `v0.8.0` to `v0.9.0`

Breaking changes

- the `max_participants` have been removed. 
- the `consensus_threshold` should now be specified in the `setup` params. If `null`, then it is calculated automatically.
```
